2019-Oct update (#3)
jjprevite/styled-components-vs-emotion: README.md

# styled-components-vs-emotion

> A short doc comparing the popular CSS-in-JS libraries `styled-components` and `emotion` as of October 2019. For a more detailed comparison, see:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Last updated by @dandv on October 18th, 2019_
A short doc comparing the popular CSS-in-JS libraries `styled-components` and `emotion`. For a more detailed comparison, see:
```

Reviewer: I prefer moving this to the start because:
- it'll be the first thing they see
- it gives credit to the last person to update it

Author: Haha, no objections to that :)

`emotion` | Yes | Yes | Yes | Yes | Yes | Yes

### Stats
These numbers were pulled on October 18th, 2019.

Library | Creation Date | Last Updated (GitHub) | Size | Repo Stars | # of Contributors | Community Size (Spectrum)
--- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
[`styled-components`](https://github.com/styled-components/styled-components) | August 16th, 2016 | 8 days ago | ? 14.6kb ? | 26,197 | 252 | [10,113](https://spectrum.chat/styled-components)
[`emotion`](https://github.com/emotion-js/emotion) | May 27th, 2017 | 6 days ago | ? 8.9kb ? | 9,118 | 184 | [479](https://spectrum.chat/emotion)

### Worthy Notes

> * `emotion` is [ready](https://community.frontity.org/t/which-one-should-we-use-emotion-vs-styled-components/27/8) for [React Concurrent mode](https://dev.to/pomber/about-react-suspense-and-concurrent-mode-21aj) and it has a smaller bundle size

Reviewer: Woah - didn't know that! Super cool :)
